Electricity Facts Label (EFL)
Ambit Texas, LLC
Ambit Energy Texas Solar Buyback 12SM
Service Area - Oncor Electric Delivery
July 23, 2026
Average Monthly Use 500 kWh 1000 kWh 2000 kWh
Average Price per kWh 17.6¢ 18.2¢ 18.5¢
The Average Price per kWh includes a buyback credit for 580 kWh of Excess Energy exported to the grid, based on
average monthly meter read data for customers in your service area. Your Average Price per kWh for electric service
will depend on your usage, Excess Energy, and the following pricing components.
Base Charge: Per Month ($) $9.95
Energy Charge: Per kWh (¢) 12.7000¢
Buyback Rate: Per kWh (¢) 3.5¢
Per Month ($) **
TDU Delivery Charges:
Per kWh (¢) **
**For updated TDU delivery charges go to ambitenergy.com/texas-tdu-charges
Electricity
TDU Delivery Charges Per Month and TDU Delivery Charges Per kWh will be passed through to customer as
Price
billed from the Transmission and Distribution Utility (TDU).
Excess Energy is energy sent to the grid when your renewable energy system produces more electricity than your
home uses in real-time. The TDU measures your Excess Energy through a bi-directional meter and sends us your
meter read each billing cycle.
Buyback Credits are calculated by multiplying your Buyback Rate by your Excess Energy and can offset up to 100%
of your Energy Charges each month (excluding base charge, TDU charges, and all other taxes and fees). Buyback
Credits will be applied to your monthly bill when we receive a meter read from your TDU for your Excess Energy,
which may take up to 3 full billing cycles for the first meter read if you have a new installation. Any unused credits will
be banked and automatically applied to future bills to offset any remaining Energy Charges. You may accumulate up
to $500 in banked credits and keep them if you are enrolled on an eligible Ambit Energy solar buyback plan. Banked
credits have no cash, credit, or other redemption value and are non-transferable.
Some cities have authorized a TDU Underground Facilities Cost Recovery or similar charges that are not included
in the average price shown above. For more information about these charges, please go to ambitenergy.com/
municipalfees.
Other Key Each month you will also be billed all taxes, including sales tax, and reimbursement for the state miscellaneous gross
Terms and receipts tax as applicable. See Terms of Service statement for a full listing of fees, deposit policy and other terms.
Questions
Type of Product Fixed Rate
Contract Term 12 Months
Do I have a termination fee or any fees associated Yes Early Cancellation Fee: $199.00
with terminating service?
Can my price change during the contract period? Yes
The price will not change during the term of this plan except
to reflect actual changes in TDU charges; changes to the
If my price can change, how will it change, and by how Electric Reliability Council of Texas or Texas Regional Entity
much? administrative fees charged to loads; or changes resulting from
federal, state or local laws that impose new or modified fees or
costs that are outside our control.
Disclosure Please see the Pricing section of the Terms of Service for more
What other fees may I be charged?
Chart information.
Is this a pre-pay or pay in advance product? No
Yes, for homeowners who are enrolled on an eligible Ambit
Energy solar buyback plan, and who have executed an
Does the REP purchase excess distributed renewable
Interconnection Agreement with their TDU. We reserve the right
generation?
to reduce your buyback rate or revoke your eligibility for solar
buyback credits following 45 days advance written notice.
Renewable Content This product is 100% renewable.
The statewide average for renewable content is 37%
Ambit Texas, LLC REP No. 10117 Version:
P.O. Box 864589 Plano, TX 75086-4589 ONAMTXSBBC12AA
1-877-282-6248 (7AM-10PM CST 7 DAYS/WK) July 23, 2026
email: TXCustomerCare@ambitenergy.com website: ambitenergy.com 11252025_UNB
Additional Purchase of the monthly export of Excess Energy by Ambit Energy will include the rights to all renewable energy credits
Detail related to the exported kilowatt hours.