                                                           Electricity Facts Label • Energy Texas
                                                                 No Bull 12 - 12 month plan                                                 DATE 07/21/2026
                                                                            Oncor
                                                                     Electricity Price
         Average monthly use:                            500 kWh                               1000 kWh                                2000 kWh

        Average price per kWh:                            12.0¢                                   12.0¢                                   12.1¢

                                                  This price disclosure is based on the following components:
                                                           Base Charge:      $0 per month
                                                         Energy Charge:      6.024¢ per kWh
                                             Auto Pay & Paperless Credit:    $5.00 per month
                                                  Oncor Delivery Charge:     6.1196¢ per kWh and $4.06 per month
The Auto Pay and Paperless Communication Credit will not be applied to any billing cycle in which any of the following occur: (1) you opt out of (or otherwise
cause to stop) Auto Pay or Paperless Communications,(2) you fail to maintain a valid email address on file, or (3) your most recent invoice becomes overdue due
to Auto Pay failure resulting from either a lack of funds or incorrect payment information. You will remain eligible to receive the Auto Pay and Paperless
Communication Credit even if you ask Energy Texas to send you a physical copy of your bill via regular mail, which you may do at any time by contacting
Energy Texas's customer support team.
   The Oncor Delivery Charges on this EFL reflect the delivery charges that Oncor is currently charging; Oncor Delivery Charges (i) include all recurring charges
from Oncor, (ii) can be changed by Oncor at any time, and (iii) are passed through to you without-mark-up. This price disclosure is an example based on average
prices - your average price for electricity service will vary according to your usage. The price you pay each month will consist of the Base Charge, Energy
Charge, Auto Pay & Paperless Credit, and Oncor Delivery Charges. Any nonrecurring fees from the TDSP will be passed through without mark-up.

                                                See Standard Terms of Service statement for full listing of fees, deposit policy, and other terms.
                                                I understand that this is a paperless product. By signing up, I agree to receive all of the following
             Other Key Terms                    documents electronically by email: (1) welcome packet, (2) bills, (3) contract documents, and (4)
              and Questions                     contract-related notices, which include contract expiration notices and disconnect notices. I agree
                                                that I have provided Energy Texas with a valid email address and understand I will not receive my
                                                bills via regular postal mail.

                                                                    Disclosure Chart
              Type of Product                    Fixed

               Contract Term                     12 months

                                                 An early termination fee in the amount of $20 (twenty dollars) for each whole month remaining in
    Do I have a termination fee or any
                                                 the contract term will be assessed. Customers switching or moving to a service location to Energy
    fees associated with terminating
                                                 Texas for the first time may cancel within the first thirty (30) days of switching to Energy Texas
                 service?
                                                 without incurring an early termination fee.

     Can my price change during the
                                                 Yes
           contract period?

                                                 The average price may change to reflect actual changes in TDSP charges, changes to the Electric
    If my price can change, how will it          Reliability Council of Texas or Texas Regional Entity administrative fees. Your energy charge from
        change and by how much?                  Energy Texas will not change unless federal, state or local laws or regulatory actions impose new or
                                                 modified fees or costs on Energy Texas that are beyond Energy Texas's control.

                                                 For other non-recurring fees that may be charged, please reference the Billing section of your
   What other fees may I be charged?
                                                 Terms of Service.

   Is this a pre-pay or pay-in-advance
                                                 No
                  product?

       Does Energy Texas purchase
                                                 No
    distributed renewable generation?

            Renewable content                    100% renewable

    Statewide average for renewable
                                                 37.2% renewable
                content

                             Rhythm Ops, LLC, d/b/a Energy Texas • 24 Greenway Plaza Dr. Suite 610, Houston, TX 77046
                                    energytexas.com/ e-mail: support@energytexas.com phone: +1 888-830-0871
                       Chat: Mon - Fri: 8am to 8pm | Sat - Sun: 9am to 3pm & Phone: Mon - Fri: 8am to 8pm | Sat: 9am to 3pm
                                                   PUCT Certificate Number #10279. Version 3.0




                                                                                                                                                             Page 1 of 1
