Electricity Facts Label (EFL)
Green Mountain Energy Company (REP Cert. No. 10009)
Renewable Rewards® Solar Credit 12
Oncor Electric Delivery service area
Date:06/01/2026
Average monthly use: 500 kWh 1000 kWh 2000 kWh
Average price per kWh: 24.2¢ 20.8¢ 19.1¢
This price disclosure is based on the following components:
Base Charge: $29.95 per billing cycle
Electricity Energy Charge: 11.3¢ per kWh
price Oncor Electric Delivery Delivery Charges: $4.06 per billing cycle and 6.1196¢ per kWh
TDU Delivery Charges include all recurring charges passed through without mark-up.
This price disclosure is an example based on average prices - your average price for service will vary
according to your usage. The price you pay each month will consist of the Base Charge, Energy Charge,
and TDU Delivery Charges. Average prices per kWh listed above do not include credits for excess
distributed renewable generation.
See Terms of Service for a full listing of fees, deposit policy, and other terms.
You will receive a Renewable Rewards Credit on your bill for the excess energy delivered by your eligible
Other Key
renewable energy system to the grid over a monthly billing cycle. The credit amount will be determined by
Terms and multiplying (a) the Renewable Rewards Credit per kWh listed below by (b) the out-flow kWh quantity of
questions excess energy reported by the TDSP over the applicable monthly billing cycle.
Renewable Rewards Credit: 6.3¢ per kWh
See the Terms of Service for additional details for customers enrolled on a Renewable Rewards product.
Type of Product Fixed Rate
Contract Term 12 months
Disclosure Yes. $150. Applies through the end of the contract term.
Chart This fee does not apply if the customer moves, and provides
Do I have a termination fee or any fees a forwarding address and other evidence that may be
associated with terminating service? requested to verify that the customer moved.
Can my price change during the contract
period? Yes
Your price may change only to reflect actual changes in
TDSP charges, changes to the Electric Reliability Council of
Texas or Texas Regional Entity administrative fees charged
to loads, or changes resulting from federal, state or local
If my price can change, how will it change laws or regulatory actions that impose new or modified fees
and by how much? or costs on us that are beyond our control.
If applicable, we may bill you for certain non-recurring, late
payment, insufficient funds, disconnect notice, disconnect
recovery, or other fees as described in Itemization of Non-
Recurring Fees and Charges section of your Terms of
What other fees may I be charged? Service.
Is this a pre-pay or pay in advance product? No
G1F00183387408C
Yes; customers enrolled on the Renewable Rewards product
that meet the eligibility requirements will receive credits for
excess distributed renewable generation. Renewable
Rewards product availability is subject to change at Green
Mountain's discretion. See the Terms of Service section
Does REP purchase excess distributed regarding the Renewable Rewards Buy-Back Products for
renewable generation? eligibility requirements.
This product is 100% renewable, sourced from national solar
Renewable Content facilities.
What is the statewide average for renewable
content? The statewide average for renewable content is 37%.
Green Mountain Energy Company (PUCT Cert. No. 10009)
P.O. Box 699, Houston,Texas 77001-0699
1-866-785-4668 (7 days a week, 7 a.m. to 10 p.m. CST)), www.greenmountain.com.
1 With the purchase of this Green Mountain Energy® electricity product, you are supporting cleaner
electricity by matching 100% of your annual paid electricity usage with an equivalent amount of electricity
produced by renewable sources of electricity generation in the United States. Green Mountain will purchase
and retire renewable energy certificates (RECs) representing the environmental attributes associated with
renewable energy generation for 100% of your paid usage.You will not have electricity from a specific
generation facility delivered directly to your service address, but your purchase ensures that renewable
energy equal to 100% of your paid electricity usage is produced using renewable resources on an annual
basis. Renewable resource availability varies hour to hour and from season to season, as does our
customers' use. We will rely on system power from the grid to serve our customers' minute by minute
consumption but will use RECs to ensure that enough of the applicable Green Mountain Energy electricity
blend is delivered to power systems in the United States to match our customers' actual annual electricity
purchases. We may take up to three months following the close of a calendar year to make up any
deficiency in a particular resource promised in connection with the electricity product you choose.
G1F00183387408C