Electricity Facts Label (EFL)
Reliant Energy Retail Services, LLC
Reliant Free Overnight 12 plan
Oncor Electric Delivery service area
Date: 09/01/2026
Average monthly use: 500 kWh 1000 kWh 2000 kWh
Average price per kWh: 17.6 ¢ 17.2 ¢ 16.9 ¢
Average price calculation is based on usage profile over 12 months of 32% of consumption at nighttime as
defined below*.
This price disclosure is based on the following components:
Base Charge $0.00 per billing cycle
Oncor Electric Delivery Monthly Charges $4.06 per billing cycle
Oncor Electric Delivery Daytime Delivery
6.0295¢ per kWh
Charges
Daytime Energy Charge 18.5982¢ per kWh
Nighttime Energy Charge* $0.00 per kWh
Oncor Electric Delivery Nighttime
$0.00 per kWh
Delivery Charges*
TDSP Monthly Charges are the fixed charges from the transmission and distribution service provider and
are passed through without mark-up. TDSP Daytime Delivery Charges include all recurring consumption
charges from the transmission and distribution service provider and are passed through without mark up.
Your TDSP, transmission and distribution service provider is Oncor Electric Delivery.
Electricity
Some locations may be subject to a special charge that is not included in the total average price shown for
price
electric service, such as a charge for underground facilities authorized by their city. For more detail see the
Oncor service tariff for a listing of cities and authorized charges.
*Nighttime Charge applies to usage from 9:00 PM to 6:00 AM every day.
Your average price per kWh each month is determined by using the energy charge above and the
predetermined formula.
Price per kWh = (Base Charge + (Monthly billed Daytime kWh usage x Daytime Energy Charge) +
(Monthly billed Nighttime kWh usage x Nighttime Energy Charge) + ( Oncor Electric Delivery Delivery
Charges))/ Monthly billed kWh usage.
This price disclosure is an example based on average service prices - your average price for electricity
service will vary according to your usage.
In the event Reliant receives incomplete interval data from your Transmission and Distribution Service
Provider (TDSP), Reliant may estimate your usage for missing periods based on historical data from your
meter. A multi-day average of recent interval data will be used to estimate usage for missing intervals and
the estimates will be used to calculate your monthly bill.
When there is a difference between the monthly meter read and the monthly total of the actual or estimated
interval data, the usage difference will be allocated based on your usage profile for that billing period. If
less than 50% of the interval data is received from the TDSP or is estimated by Reliant, the usage
difference between the monthly meter read and monthly total of the actual or estimated interval data will be
applied as 68% at the Daytime Energy Charge and 32% at the Nighttime Energy Charge.
Other Key
Terms and
questions
See Terms of Service statement for full listing of fees, deposit policy, and other terms.
R1F00191597366A
Type of Product Fixed
Contract Term 12 months
Yes. $150. Applies through the end of the contract term.
This fee does not apply if the customer moves, and provides
Do I have a termination fee or any fees a forwarding address and other evidence that may be
associated with terminating service? requested to verify that the customer moved.
Can my price change during the contract
period? Yes, but only in the limited circumstances described below
Your price may change only to reflect actual changes in
TDSP charges, changes to the Electric Reliability Council of
Texas or Texas Regional Entity administrative fees charged
to loads, or changes resulting from federal, state or local
Disclosure If my price can change, how will it change laws or regulatory actions that impose new or modified fees
and by how much? or costs on us that are beyond our control.
Chart
For other fees, please reference these paragraphs in the
Terms of Service.
Pricing, Billing, Payment and Payment Arrangement,
What other fees may I be charged? Customer Care, Alternate Billing and Payment Options
Is this a pre-pay or pay in advance product? No
Yes; customers interested in participating in Reliant's
distributed renewable generation buy-back program will
Does REP purchase excess distributed need to sign up for a Reliant renewable energy Payback
renewable generation? product.
Renewable Content This product is 22% renewable.
What is the statewide average for renewable
content? The statewide average for renewable content is: 37%.
Reliant, PO Box 3765, Houston, TX, 77253
www.reliant.com, e-mail: service@reliant.com,
phone: 1-866-RELIANT, 24 hours a day / 7 days a week
PUCT Certificate Number #10007
R1F00191597366A