Electricity Facts Label (EFL)
Reliant Energy Retail Services, LLC
Reliant Solar Payback Match 12 plan
Oncor Electric Delivery service area
Date: 06/01/2026
Average monthly use: 500 kWh 1000 kWh 2000 kWh
Average price per kWh: 20.6 ¢ 19.1 ¢ 18.4 ¢
This price disclosure is based on the following components:
Base Charge: $9.99 per billing cycle
Electricity
Energy Charge: 11.6206¢ per kWh
price
Oncor Electric Delivery Delivery Charges: $4.06 per billing cycle and 6.1196¢ per kWh
TDU Delivery Charges include all recurring charges passed through without mark-up.
This price disclosure is an example based on average prices - your average price for service will vary
according to your usage. The price you pay each month will consist of the Base Charge, Energy Charge,
and TDSP Delivery Charges. Average prices per kWh listed above do not include credits for excess
distributed renewable generation.
See Terms of Service for a full listing of fees, deposit policy, and other terms.
You will receive a Solar Grid Credit on your bill for the excess energy delivered by your eligible renewable
energy system to the grid over a monthly billing cycle.
The credit amount will be calculated using 15-minute interval data over the applicable monthly billing
cycle. For each 15-minute interval data read, the credit amount will be determined by multiplying (a) the
out-flow kWh quantity of excess energy reported by the TDSP over the applicable 15-minute interval by (b)
the corresponding Electric Reliability Council of Texas (ERCOT) 15-minute Real-Time Settlement Point
Price (RTSPP) in dollars per kWh for your applicable Load Zone. If the RTSPP is less than zero for a
given 15-minute interval, the credit amount will be zero for that interval. The total credit amount applied to
your bill will be the sum of the credit amounts calculated for each 15-minute interval data read over the
Other Key applicable monthly billing cycle.
Terms and
You can find your applicable Load Zone by visiting Reliant's Solar Payback Match program page at https://
questions
reliant.com/en/residential/electricity/renewable-energy/solar/solarmatch. The ERCOT 15-minute RTSPP
for each Load Zone are available at: http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp
In the event Reliant receives incomplete interval data from your TDSP, Reliant may estimate your out-flow
kWh for missing periods based on the monthly meter read reported by the TDSP. When there is a
difference in out-flow kWh between the monthly meter read and the monthly total of the interval data, the
difference will be allocated over missing intervals and the estimated out-flow kWh will be used to calculate
credit amounts applied to your bill.
See the Terms of Service for additional details for customers enrolled on a renewable energy sell back
product.
R1F00183409100C
Type of Product Fixed Rate
Contract Term 12 months
Yes. $150. Applies through the end of the contract term.
Do I have a termination fee or any fees This fee does not apply if the customer moves, and provides
associated with terminating service? a forwarding address and other evidence that may be
requested to verify that the customer moved.
Can my price change during the contract
period? Yes
Your price may change only to reflect actual changes in
TDSP charges, changes to the Electric Reliability Council
Disclosure of Texas or Texas Regional Entity administrative fees
charged to loads, or changes resulting from federal, state or
Chart
If my price can change, how will it change local laws or regulatory actions that impose new or
and by how much? modified fees or costs on us that are beyond our control.
For other fees, please reference these paragraphs in the
Terms of Service.
Pricing, Billing, Payment and Payment Arrangement,
What other fees may I be charged? Customer Care, Alternate Billing and Payment Options
Is this a pre-pay or pay in advance product? No
Yes; customers interested in participating in Reliant's
distributed renewable generation buy-back program will
Does Reliant Energy Retail Services, LLC
purchase excess distributed renewable need to sign up for a Reliant renewable energy Payback
generation? product.
Renewable Content This product is 100% renewable.
Statewide average for renewable content The statewide average for renewable content is 37%.
Reliant, PO Box 3765, Houston, TX, 77253
www.reliant.com, e-mail: service@reliant.com,
phone: 1-866-RELIANT, 24 hours a day / 7 days a week
PUCT Certificate Number #10007
R1F00183409100C