Electricity Facts Label (EFL)
Tesla Energy Ventures, LLC dba Tesla
PUCT Certificate Number: 10296
Tesla Electric Backup Plan - Oncor
Date: 9-10-2026
Average Monthly Use 500 kWh 1000 kWh 2000 kWh
Average Price per kWh 14.8 ¢ 14.4 ¢ 14.2 ¢
The price you pay each month includes the Energy Charges, TDU Delivery Charges, and optional
VPP Credit in effect for your monthly billing cycle.
Energy Charge: 8.0 ¢/kWh
Electricity Oncor Delivery Charges: 6 .0295 ¢/kWh
Price Oncor Base Charge: $ 4.06 /month
Average price is calculated as: [(Total Energy Consumption) X (Energy Charge + TDU Delivery
Charge)) + TDU Base Charge] / Total Energy Consumption
*Requires exactly 2 Powerwall devices that are under an active lease agreement & fulfill VPP
program product specific terms.
**Customers with onsite solar generation are not eligible for the Backup Plan.
This price disclosure is an example based on average prices - your price for electricity service will
vary based on your actual usage and vehicle charging. For updated TDU Delivery Charges go to
https://www.puc.texas.gov/industry/electric/rates/tdr.aspx. TDU Delivery Charges will be passed
through to customers without markup. Some locations may be subject to a TDU Underground
Facilities and Cost Recovery charge authorized by their city that is not included in the total average
prices shown. For more details, see your TDU service tariff for a listing of cities and authorized
charges.
See Terms of Service for a full listing of fees and other terms.
Key Terms /
Questions
Type of Product: Fixed Rate Product
Contract Term: 12-months
Can my price change during contract Yes
period?
If my price can change, how will it change Your price may be adjusted to reflect changes in TDU
and by how much? charges; changes to the Electric Reliability Council of
Texas or Texas Regional Entity administrative fees
Disclosure Chart charged to loads; or changes resulting from federal,
state or local laws or regulatory actions that impose new
or modified fees or costs that are outside our control.
What other fees may I be charged? Please see the “Itemization of Non -Recurring Fees and
Charges” section of the Terms of Service. These fees
are not included in the recurring charges.
Is this a pre-pay or pay in advance No
product?
Will I be participating in the Virtual Power If you meet the eligibility criteria for participating in the
Plant (“VPP”) Program? VPP Program, Tesla may use your Enrolled Powerwall
for providing Grid Services (see VPP Program section
of the Terms of Service).
How will I be compensated for VPP If you remain enrolled in the Backup Plan & meet the eligibility
participation? criteria for participation in the VPP program, you will be
compensated at a rate of $87 per month. This will appear as a
credit on your Powerwall lease bill, if you remain in good
standing. This will not impact the average price per kWh on
your monthly electricity bill.
What is my Energy Sellback Rate? Powerwall Energy Exports: 14.0 ¢/kWh
Solar Energy Exports: 0 ¢/kWh
You will only be compensated for energy exported from your
Powerwall to the grid.
Does REP purchase excess distributed No
renewable generation?
Renewable Content This product is 100% renewable
The statewide average for renewable 37.2%
content
Internet Address: www.tesla.com
Email Address: TeslaElectricNA@tesla.com
Info
Customer Care: 737-280-0600
Mailing Address: 1 Tesla Rd Austin, TX 78725, USA
Operating Hours: Monday -- Friday: 9:00 a.m. -- 6:00 p.m. CT
Closed Saturday - Sunday and holidays.
EFL Version: EFL_ONCOR_BACKUP_ENGLISH_9_2026